Now we have Springwood Obligation and also we are having the bicycle database.
So what we need to do here is we need to establish the Conexant from of a springboard application to
bicycle database.
Don't worry, we don't need to write any court order here.
We just need to set couple of properties.
And that's it.
So let's go for it.
So this is always been an open application or properties file.
And here we need to set the couple of properties.
So the very first is splendored datasource.
But you are in.
Yes, this one.
So, Judy, busy calling my sequel.
We are having the Mitsuko database, right?
Colin Zealousness, we have my sequel database in our local machine.
And by default, my sequel runs on three three six port slurs.
And here we need to provide my sequel schema.
So let's go to Mexico database.
So here the schema is university, right?
So copied and provide it here now.
We need to provide the username and password for our midcycle database, OK, so the first is username.
For me, it is rude and password is also the root.
See, this username and password may be different for you.
OK, this is what my local machine, so whatever you provided while doing the installation of a bicycle
that you need to provide username and password for your local bicycle database, OK?
For me, it is rude and rude.
Now, let's I don't know what's between what obligation to verify that everything is good.
Ron, this spring, and this is over meaningless by default spring, whatever he gets will run on.
88.
OK, see get got started on Port 80 80.
So now we are all good.
If you have done any mistake, OK, while giving these properties, your whatever application itself
will not start.
OK, so now we are good.
So now we have a daily physical activity over bicycle database from our spinning board application,
so that's all for now, and we'll proceed further.
The next lecture?
Thank you very much.